hello everybody it's silicon baby
welcome back to my channel this is a
baby that I've loved this helped for so
many years probably about three years
now and I found out that it came out in
silicon full silicone you know that's my
preference and I purchased it and it
arrived just this afternoon so I'm going
to go ahead and open it little petite
white cotton dress it is beautiful it
has a little hat
that's so cute like a little really
light linen perfect for summer oh it has
a little cardigan it's like a half
sweater and it's pink and white this is
darling how cute my favorite my very
favorite type of like baby clothes is
the really light cotton the linen oh
here's a head bow that goes with this
next outfit with strawberries on it
that is so cute those little bloomers
red my favorite color strawberries in
polka dots and look at the little
ruffles on that beautiful summer dress
and then the little buttons are flowers
ah ha ha ha this looks like a bathing
suit this looks like a bathing suit
bottom with fish on it Oh coat it's a
little fur with faux fur with a little
lamb in the pocket that is so cute
beautiful sure you've got this winter
I like this dress so cute love it it's
got a little ribbon sewn through it
that's gorgeous
she gets these handmade just gorgeous
packs of shoes early days they pods
little baby shoes and they're soft soles
tuk-tuks cute oh goodness
Oh little pouch of goodies here this is
so pretty
a beaded headband handmade it's got like
a little rosette and then it has this
beads and it's really pretty
it's an off-white color and then here's
a elastic flower band with the little
white flower and then this diffracts
pacifier with a ladybug on it it's a
diaper head vintage beautiful natural
colored it's like an antique white that
is this is her christening then oh my
gosh her silicone feels so amazing as I
expect it would because the silicone
they use is like my very favorite all
those beautiful hands
sit this diaper off actually we may look
at her little - oh she has booties on
look pretty oh it is magnificent
look at the color it's perfect oh look
at her little toes
she's awesome powdery soft squishy skin
oh such a death this is the most
beautiful color this color is perfect
you got it perfect
Wow I buried you want to help me take
the diaper off this is the Ellis by Tina
Kiwi and her team did these babies and
full body silica look at this she is so
stunning oh my gosh you are so pretty
royal look at her she's so royal baby oh
she is so perfect I love her her hair
colors awesome
and it's like a wavy song
natural baby what a great size baby
she's gonna need zero to three month she
inset and I'll beat zero to three month
they can sure clothes my little
princesses Wow how gorgeous hello the
dark color she's so pretty
and she's so soft can I get her out of
this jurist come back with the details
video so this video isn't that long so
for watching and she's absolutely
perfect Thank You Lea so very much